Docs for SoftwareOATH (#12938)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/softwareoathauthenticationmethod-delete.md

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Delete a user's [Software OATH token authentication method](../resources/softwareoathauthenticationmethod.md) object.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### Permissions acting on self

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

### Permissions acting on other users

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |

> For delegated scenarios where an admin is acting on another user, the admin needs [one of the following roles](/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/directory-assign-admin-roles#available-roles):
> * Global admin
> * Privileged authentication admin
> * Authentication admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When acting on another user, the calling user needs to belong to one of the following directory roles. To learn more about directory roles, see [Azure AD built-in roles](/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/directory-assign-admin-roles#available-roles):
* Global administrator
* Privileged authentication administrator
* Authentication administrator
```

Author: Making this change will make this document inconsistent with the wording we have on all ather auth methods docs. I think if we want to change the text we should change all of them.

Author: Done
